Building the PhET Installers

This directory contains a set of scripts for creating the installers that can
be used to install the full set of PhET simulations on a user's computer.
There are three installers that are created, one for the Windows platform, one
for Macintosh, and one for Linux.

The scripts are written in a combination of PHP and shell.  I (John Blanco)
inherited this from the original creator (John de Goes).  I think the motive
for having some functionality in shell and some in PHP was that there was a
desire to be able to initiate rebuilds from a web interface.  However, at the
time of this writing, this is never done.  Currently, the builder is either
run by a cron job (which is set up for once a week) or manually.  Even though
the original motivation for splitting the functionality this way is no longer
valid, the partitioning is being maintained in case we ever DO want to hook
this up to the web site.  So, as a general design tenent, maintainers should
use PHP for the main functionality and shell scripts (i.e. shell or bash) for
automating the high level sequence.

There are two executables on which all of this functionality rests.  The first
is httrack, and is a tool for copying (a.k.a. ripping) the web site via http.
The second is the BitRock installer builder, which is a tool for creating
multi-platform installers.  Documenation is available on line for both of
these tools if more information is needed about them.

The general sequence of events for regenerating the installers is:
1. Rip a copy of the web site (done with httrack)
2. Process the files in a way that makes them work when run on a local machine.
3. Bundle it all up into the insallers (done with BitRock).
4. Delploy the simulations to the web site.

For more information on how this works, it is probably best to study the
various scripts, since they are still pretty dynamic and any detailed
description of their functionality would soon be out of date.

J. Blanco, January 2009

---- UPDATE ----

In the 2nd half of 2009, two "custom installers" were created, one for King
Saud University (KSU), and one for a publishing company named Pearson who
wanted to make the sims accessible for their Young & Freedman (YF) textbook.
Originally, the scripts to support these installers were maintained in a
separate subdirectory.  Eventually, when the web site was republished in
mid-2010, it made sense to consolidate the code for all of these installer
builders.  Hence, there are now three installer builders that can be launched
from this directory, the one for the standard PhET installers, the one for the
KSU installers, and the one for the YF instllers.


