Update 9/17/2010 - This directory originally contained scripts for creating
custom installers, then for all installers, and now for no installers.  Here
is why: The custom installers worked off the Wicket-based site, which was
initially hosted on phet-server and then on Figaro.  When the main PhET site
migrated to also be a wicket-based site running on Figaro, the easiest way to
get the installers working again was to leverage what had been done for the custom
installers.  At that point, the code for the main PhET installer-builder was
in this directory too.  Ultimately, it made sense to move all of the installers
to the main directory (one above this directory), and not worry about the
distinction between the custom and non-custom installers.

This directory, the custom-installers directory, will be kept here for a while
for historical purposes, and then it should be removed.  It should contain
nothing other than this readme file.

For more information on this, see Unfuddle issues 2296 & 2512

--jblanco


---- Previous README contents ------------

This directory contains scripts for creating custom installers, meaning
installers that are created specifically for some end user other than PhET.
At the time of this writing, there are two such installers, one for King Saud
University (KSU) and one for Young and Freedman.

The scripts and other files included here are essentially copies of the files
that are used by the standard installer builder, with modifications made to
support the custom installer requirements.  A decision was made not to try to
generalize the existing installer builder, at least not at this time.  At
some point, if another customer needs this kind of specailized and customized
installer, it would probably make sense to go ahead and generalize the
installer builder to handle all such cases.  In our discussions so far, the 
consensus has been that this probably means rewriting it in Java.

The basic approach for this effort was to copy only the needed files from the
main installer-builder directory, modify them only as much as needed to get
the job done, and to leave the major tools (i.e. HTTrack and BitRock) in the
main intaller builder directory and point to them from here (so as not to
duplicate them).

JP Blanco, November 17, 2009

